Welcome to Atheliv, a world where hope is lost and all that remains is to be conquered by fighting.

You are Chantelle, a female human explorer in Hyper Train Central Station. You are currently in line to get tickets to the next available hyper loop to explore the world of Atheliv.
One day while exploring the depths of a cave, you came across a ritual chamber. In the center of the room was a stonewrought sitting on a sacrificial altar.

> You say "This is one of the places that the grandfather pointed out in his book"
The old man appears in your mind, as he did so many years ago.

> You say "I can see, where he was here, has been a long time.... grandpa why were you here?"
You feel sadness for your grandpa, never to be seen again.

> You continue to explore the old dungeon for understand something of new about that place.
You continue to explore, as you find no more secret doors open up, new corridors reveal themselves or anything like that, just older corridors that appear the same as the ones you've already explored.
At the end of one corridor there's a door.

> You try to open the door.
As you push open the door, it reveals a spiral staircase going down. You decide to go down and see what is at the bottom of the stairs.
The stairs lead you into a large open area at the bottom.

> You say "What is this place?"
A man appears in front of you, he has long hair and a long beard and carries a bow.
"Who are you?" You ask.
The man takes out a rifle and starts shooting, he doesn't have good aim, but he has a weapon that doesn't need to be reloaded.
"I'm Captain Rifiv, this is the last remaining member of my old team, Hawkins, Redden and Maples."

> You say "Can you try not to kill me for a moment and let's talk normally?"
"Sure..." Captain Rifiv says, then pauses. "Do you have any weapons on you?"
You show him your knife.
"Good," he nods.
The man puts the gun away, looks you straight in the eye and almost seems to look into your soul.
He doesn't look bad, but he hides a deep fear and a sense of abandonment that only those who live in these places know.
"What happened to your team?" You ask.
"We were ambushed by ERA we were prepared, but their numbers were too high and we were out of cover.."

> You say "Gangs don't usually attack each other."
"Well that's what happened with us, they must have thought we were stealing resources."
Captain Rifiv breaks into a small smile.

> You say "Do you know where I can find the key to this place?"
"What?" Captain Rifiv asks.
"The key hidden in this remote place, I must find it to be able to better understand the words of my grandfather's book.."
"Oh..." He pauses and looks at you.

> You say "Why don't you come with me to Shangri-La? I could host you in my base, it's not very big but you can stay there"
"Thanks, I appreciate the offer, but I'd like to be on my own once I get there, but thanks again."
The man seems a little off, but he's a nice guy.
You hear footsteps.
After just a scream, an order and then just shoot.
The captain runs against you and throws you to the ground.
He whispers, "Don't breathe, close your eyes and only reopen them when you're sure you're alone again."
You understand and wait.
A woman walks up to you and looks at the captain, her eyes full of sadness.
"He's dead" she says, "There was also a little girl, Mark add her to the collateral damage, here we concluded with the collection of resources."
Finally you hear them go away, you try to whisper someone to the captain, but unfortunately he died to protect you. Now you understand why he fired at the beginning without asking.
The woman turns to you "Are you the owner of this station?"
You think about it for a moment.

> You say "How did you know I was alive?"
"You're bad at pretending to be dead, but I don't want to kill you, you can go, but forget about us and this man."

> You run away from that dungeon and come back to train station.
You run back to the dungeon, but you keep running into people. Finally you run out of resources and decide to rest.
You awake in a bed with several bandages around your body.

> You say "Time to go back to Shangri-La, my base and my bed are waiting for me."
Take the first available train. The journey is calm, as soon as you arrive at the base you collapse on the bed from exhaustion.

> You wake up and think about captain's death.
You wake up and immediately think of the captain's death. 
You have to find that woman and take revenge on those people for what they did to the captain. Get the terminal and contact pablito, a very good trader, if those people have a lot of resources they will try to sell them to the market.

> You call pablito and ask if there are any unusual offers.
"What's up?"
"I'm looking for some people that hurt my friend, they have a lot of resources and will try to sell them at Shangri-La main market, if you notice any unusual offer let me know. "
He pauses, thinking.
"Okay, I can do it, but be careful not even in the capital we are as safe as in the past."

> You say "We are no longer children, we both know how to defend ourselves and how to stay safe."
He laughs, then,
"I see a group of humans approaching, there are 7 of them and they don't seem to be mercenaries, those guys wear brown, seems like farmers."

> You say "farmers in the capital? They haven't come to the capital for over 200 years, check where they come from. They might be the people I'm looking for."
But pablito is already disconnected.
Time to go, you need to explore the dungeon near the old church.

> You go to train station.

A train to the city is leaving in 10 minutes, it will take 15 to get there by foot.
You have decided to go to the city, maybe you can find some answers there on who those people are.

> You go to market and try to find pablito.

You arrive to the market and you see the group that pablito mentioned, they are indeed not the tall, muscular and dark skinned men you were expecting.

> You come closer and try to listen to what they are saying.
You notice that they are speaking in low voice that you can't understand.
You start to think that they might be those guys you were expecting.

> You say "Good morning then what is the offer of the day?"
They turn to look at you. All of them are wearing Carriage driver's hat and black mantle. One of them, the one who is probably around 40 years old, speaks up,
"You made a big mistake girl."
The man draws a gun and starts shooting in your direction, you cover yourself behind a trader's table, but the others in his group also take out their weapons and start shooting. 
You have only one hope: Pablito has to call for reinforcements.
You run to a phone and push the button to call for help, as you do so one of the men shoots you in the back.
You fall to the floor, bleeding from your body.
It almost feels like it's your end, but a red-haired girl approaches you, grabs you and drags you into an alley.
"You can't kill me, I have to survive," you say. "I have to tell pablito what those guys were about to do."
The girl ignores your words and takes out a whistle.
Immediately a cyberdog arrives with a backpack, the girl opens it and takes some bandages. She starts to heal you and she looks pretty worried.
"I'm Selena."
"Chantelle," you reply. "What are you doing here?"
Pila puts on her backpack, which looks really heavy, and leaves the alley.
"You will survive, I have injected you with a powerful pain reliever and pathogen that will heal the wounds, wait twenty minutes and you will be able to walk."

> You wait twenty minutes and then try to call Pablito to see how he is.
You sit down on a bench and after 5 minutes you start to feel the medicine kicking in and feel really good. Your wounds are closing up and feeling better with each second that passes.

> You call pablito for understand if he's alive.
The phone rings, and rings and rings, but no one picks up. You begin to worry if the calls went through, and if they didn't then there is a problem with the operating system.
you get a message on the terminal, pablito is in the hospital in serious condition. You decide to go check what happened.
You leave the market and head towards the hospital, which is close by.

> You go to the hospital and ask for pablito.
You arrive at the hospital and walk into the main desk.
"I'm looking for Pablito," you tell the lady at the desk. "I'm his friend, I need to know how he is."
Unfortunately the news is not good, Pablito is in critical condition. They broke his legs, they broke his arm, his face is unrecognizable and they cut off his right hand.
"I need to see him," you say getting out of the chair.
"You can't just walk in like that," says the lady. "You gotta go through the metal detector first!"

> You go through the metal detector and leave any guns at the reception.
You walk into the metal detector at the hospital. It beeps loudly and you are forced to put your belongings near the detector for scan.

> You ask for directions to Pablito's room and go see him.
The nurse points you to the room, go straight into the room and see Pablito. He looks like another person for how they beat him. You apologize for what happened to him and go back to base.
"First the captain, now pablito, those people have no mercy. I have to find them and make them pay. They can't continue to do what they want. I have to ask for help from a gang, I can't do much alone."
You decide to call the THC, they will help you.

> You call gang and ask help.
You call the THC and explain the situation. They agree to help, saying they want to kill those guys for beating up pablito and for killing the old man.

> You say "How can I find them?"
According to THC you should go where the old man died, you have to understand what they were looking for and why. They will send two of theirs to protect you, the appointment is for example tomorrow morning at the train station.

> You sleep and wait for date's time.
You sleep the whole day, waiting for the next morning to come. 

> You go to train station and meet gang's guys.
You arrive at the train station and find that it has multiple lines. You have to choose which line you are going to take.

> You wait for the guys and after take the first line.
You take a train and wait for the guy who will be giving you directions.

> You call gang and ask where are the guys.
You call the gang and the phone rings.
"H'lo?"
"Hey where are you?" you ask.
"Still in the train, we are about to get off at... what line are you?"

> You say "The first line"
"OK, you follow the guy who gets off the train and I'll meet you in five minutes."
"OK", you reply and hang up.
The gang boys are easily recognizable, they always have a backpack for weapons and medical items. Know immediately who you need to follow once you get to the stop. The train arrives at the stop, get off and follow the boy. As soon as you get to the first alley he turns and asks "are you ready for what might happen?"
You nod your head immediately.
"Good, now that we know that, let's see if you can handle this well."
He gives you a very strange gun, it doesn't have a magazine and doesn't need to be reloaded. She has like a silencer and is extremely light. The boy whispers "try to hit those neon signs"

> You shoot the neon signs.
You shot the neon signs, and it succeeds in making a loud noise.
"Good, I knew you could do it.", the guy says happily.
He starts walking and you follow him, in a low voice he explains that that gun was printed with the project they found in a particularly difficult dungeon and that the digital signature of the project belongs to a strange name: alfaice. He seems to have been an excellent trader who explored particularly dangerous dungeons, but he used to leave some things in the dungeons to be able to carry others.
Finally meet the other boy and together you start to set off to go to the dungeon where the old captain died. The other one seems to have a particularly enthusiastic personality and tells some anecdotes about the dungeons he has been to.

You arrive at a sort of bunker made of metal which seems to be the entrance to a dungeon.

> You say "We arrived, who goes first?"
He looks at you and seems to think about the question for a second, then tells you that since you arrived together you decide who goes first.

> You say "I'll go first"
You start to go down the metal stairs, that when you notice some blood splatters on the wall. You also notice a large footprint in the blood.

> You say "this blood is too fresh to be the old captain's blood, someone passed here recently. We pay attention."
The gang member agrees and continues to follow you. At the foot of some metal stairs they stop and a neon sign lights up, it seems that you have reached a dead end.
"We're here. Now what?"

> You say "Someone has removed the old captain's body, I hear footsteps in the distance let's get ready for an ambush."
You look around and see each other's eyes and so you immediately know the other one has heard something. You both quickly get into a defensive position, you notice the other one has drawn a sword from his backpack.

> You say "I haven't seen a stainless steel sword in a long time."
He seems surprised that you remember something like that and replies "Yeah, I found it in a bunker and decided to keep it."
Feel the footsteps getting closer and closer. You get your new gun ready and when you see the shadow you wave your hand to the boys and come out. You both look at each other and you seem to read that he is going to take cover. You both fire at the shadow.
After the gunfire, you can clearly hear someone screaming in pain

> You say "Who are you? "
He takes his time to reply, makes you realize that he is the one screaming.
"Fuck you".
The man takes out a shotgun and starts shooting, but luckily you're covered.

> You try to hit the man's leg by shooting.
You shoot a few times to the man's leg, your gun manages to shoot 3 bullets. He screams in pain and tries to shoot you but is unable to move due to his wound.

> You sprint at him and take his weapon.
You begin to walk towards the man, who is screaming the whole time. Once you are close enough, you kick his shotgun and take it from him.
"Who are you?! Answer me dammit!"

> You say "Here I ask the questions, who are you and what are you doing here?"
As you put the shotgun in your backpack he screams something you didn't understand but you were angry to not fully comprehend what he was saying.

> You try to figure out if he's bleeding to death.
You look at his wound and see a large amount of blood coming out of it.

> You ask the two boys for help to medicate him.
The two boys stop what seem to be fighting and come over to the man. One of them takes out some meds from his backpack and they put them in his wound as fast as possible while they talk to him.
The man looks confused, but you don't have time to ask for anything. Many steps are approaching and you don't know who is coming. There is a door at the bottom, you forcefully open it and lock it with what appears to be an old locker. 
The steps are getting faster and closer. Someone tries to open the door, but fails. You are in a locked room with no way out. Use the lockers as covers and prepare for the possible fight.
"It's locked! Something is blocking the door from the inside!" someone screams while being covered by his friends.
"Shit, who the fuck is in there with us? A new player?"
The door explodes with some explosives. Six people come in and they are all armed, they look angry and don't seem to want to talk. 
The two guys from the gang open fire and you join them.
Two of the men are killed by bullets, but the rest manage to kill the 2 gang members with their bare hands.

> You try to kill the other men.
You keep firing at the men, but some of them manage to jump over the cover and take you hostage.
"Now you and I are going to have a good chat." One of them says while pointing a large rifle at you.
"Now you and I are going to have a good chat, or you're going to die."

> You say "I don't have anything to say"
"Bullshit, now you're going to listen to me."
"Fuck off."
The man shoots a bullet right next to your ear and you feel the impact.
"From now on this is our area and this dungeon belongs to us. Remember what we did to these two guys because we will do much worse with you."


> You grab your gun and shoot the men in front of you.
You point your gun at the leader of the group and shoot him in the chest. He falls down dead.

> You say "Now we can talk"
The other men seem surprised by what you just did and don't say anything.

The man simply aims at your leg and fires two bullets, one in your shinbone and another in your calf muscle. You scream in pain.
"Is that what you have to say for yourself?"
"I can't fuckin' walk."
"Next time I'll aim for the head, now tell me which gang do you belong to?"
You don't say anything.
"I thought so, you're fucking useless. You leave this to people who count, remember that."

> You throw the gun at him, grab the gang boy's sword and use it to kill him.
The man drops the gun, but grabs a knife and stabs you in your neck while you're down.
As you die, you curse the man for killing you, as you were simply doing your job.
The man leaves, but you hear the footsteps of something very small. He is the same cyber dog from yesterday. Take care from her backpack and manage to heal yourself. The dog leaves and you are left alone with all those dead bodies around you.
You try to contact the gang, but nobody answers your calls.

Run back to the train station, take the first train to Shangri-La and return to your base.
You arrive at the train station in the early hours of morning. Your legs hurt and you can feel your throat is wounded, but you arrive alive.

> You call the THC leader.
You walk up to one of the small houses in the area and see the leader sleeping inside. You try to wake him up, but he doesn't move.

> You try to wake him up, but you notice that his throat is cut.
You decide to leave the man and head towards the base. You can decide what to do with him after you arrive.
You arrive at the hideout and you notice that some of the men are guarding the entrance.

> You grab the gun and prepare for a fight.
You grab the guard, break his neck and silence his screams before he can wake anyone. You quickly move to the front door and take out another guard. You search him and find the key to the entrance.
You are about to leave the house when someone from the street yells: "Chantelle come here, run!" You turn and run back to the house you were just at, but this time through the back door.
You lock the front door and hide in one of the storage rooms.
Someone breaks the closed door and yells "This time we're all here and we're here just for you, we visited Pablito at the hospital, but he wasn't there anymore."
You recognize them, they are the ones who killed the captain and who were also at the market. Grab the gun and aim for the storage entrance.
"It's over little girl, this time we won't let you go and we'll make sure you're dead."
You shoot the chain holding the door and you start running through the alleys, your legs seem to want to give up, but you can't give up. You keep running even if the air seems to be lacking.
The men are behind you and unfortunately you have ended up in a dead end. You turn and fire your gun, unfortunately you hit the wall several times and the gun is empty.
One of them grabs you, forcing you down on the ground.
"And here the witness will disappear".
You try to kick them but they are too strong for you and the leader holds your leg down.
They aim for your head and are about to fire when a nearly dying man behind them takes a shotgun and starts shooting. They kill him right away, but you have the opportunity to fight back.

> You grab the gun and shoot the men without any fear.
The men are hit several times and you manage to finish him.

> You finish it off with a blow to the head as you think about what they did to the old captain.

You fire 10 ammo straight into his head and check. Yes, he is dead.


> You go thank that dying man.

You walk slowly towards the dying man. 
That man is pablito and he ran to you to help you. 
"I saved you twice little fool, I asked that girl to put a chip under your skin so you can always geolocate you, but now you will have to take care of yourself and do your best".
As soon as he finishes those words he closes his eyes and his head collapses to the ground.
You take the gun and check for the man's pulse, it is not there anymore.
"Goodbye pablito, I will miss you".
